Tyler Markovsky

Within this project, I created a Chrome Extension that fetches stock price/info relevant to whether I would invest in a company or not. To do this, I used FastAPI and YFinance API across Python (backend), and Javascript and HTML on the frontend. Some challenges I faced include integrating a color change within the price based on whether the stock was up (green), or down (red) on any given day. This was challenging as it required direct collaboration between python, to fetch the price and calculate whether or not that price was less/more than the prior trading days closing price, Javascript, which checked whether or not the change was negative or positive, and then HTML to integrate the color change directly within the app. Because of this complexity, I did use AI to refine and suggest code to me; however, if I ask AI to refine my entire code or to code the entire application at once, it epically fails and oftentimes loses a lot of functionality I had built into the application. Something I found fun within this process was using all of the skills I have been working on both in and out of class this semester. For example, I was able to use four different coding languages to create something myself that I will be able to use after this class. Something I wanted to integrate but could not is a 5-day performance chart using a Google Charts import stack. This would not work as it added ~100+ of JS code that took much too long to render. Even though this did not work out, I was able to refine bugs and allow the extension to access mutual fund data, which was not easy. 
Oftentimes in college, I struggle to find a purpose for use of class materials after the course is over. Because CS is such a wide ranging and relevant topic, building something that is useful is applicable, and more possible than most realize. In the future, I hope to continue my studies within the world of CS. I am continuously blown away by the negligence of people within the fact that people do not care at all about how any of the paradigm shifting technology used every day actually works; they take it for granted. As humans have developed so much technology and better ways of life through their existence, the fact that some human invented and refined everything we use today is lost. Because of this, I will continue to appreciate those who take risks, build things, and innovate society towards an exciting future. 

Overall, although, as Dr. Li touched on in our final class, coding may soon be obsolete due to GenAI tools, I believe there are numerous parallels within life and challenges faced within coding that apply to life as a whole. 
